>> Brown: THE U.S. GOVERNMENT
HAS SECRETLY COLLECTED A MASSIVE
LOG OF PHONE RECORDS FROM
MILLIONS OF AMERICANS, PART OF
AN ONGOING COUNTER-TERRORISM
EFFORT.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
ON THE "NEWSHOUR" TONIGHT, WE
GET TWO VIEWS OF THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY'S PHONE TRACKING
PROGRAM, WHICH HAS SPARKED
A DEBATE OVER PRIVACY VERSUS
SECURITY THREATS.
>> Brown: THEN, MARGARET WARNER
HAS ANOTHER ON-THE-GROUND REPORT
FROM BEIRUT, ON THE INCREASED
ROLE OF LEBANON'S HEZBOLLAH IN
THE SYRIAN CIVIL WAR.
>> Woodruff: AS CONGRESS
CONSIDERS CUTTING THE FOOD STAMP
PROGRAM, WE DEBATE THE POTENTIAL
IMPACT ON THE ROUGHLY 46 MILLION
AMERICANS WHO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE
FROM IT.
>> Brown: PAUL SOLMAN HAS THE
SECOND OF TWO TAKES ON POLICY-
MAKING IN TIMES OF ECONOMIC
CRISIS.
TONIGHT, HE TALKS TO NOBEL-
PRIZE-WINNING ECONOMIST PAUL
KRUGMAN.
>> IT'S ALL VERY EASY NOW, NOW
THAT IT TURNED OUT THAT WE DID
NOT HAVE A COLLAPSE IN THE AUTO
INDUSTRY TO SAY, OH WELL
EVERYTHING WOULD HAVE BEEN FINE
IF WE DID NOTHING, BUT THAT'S
CERTAINLY NOT THE WAY IT LOOKED
WE DID NEED TO ACT AND IT'S A
GOOD THING WE DID.
>> Woodruff: AND ON THIS
ANNIVERSARY OF D-DAY RAY SUAREZ
TALKS TO AUTHOR RICK ATKINSON,
WHOSE NEW BOOK CHRONICLES THE
HARD ROAD TO VICTORY FOR
ALLIED FORCES IN WORLD WAR TWO.
>> THE HR
TO IMAGINE SOME 70 YEARS LATER
AND CONTINUED UNTIL ALMOST THE
LAST GUN SHOT.
>> Brown: THAT'S ALL AHEAD.
ON TONIGHT'S "NEWSHOUR."
>> Brown: IT'S HIGHLY SECRET AND
FAR-REACHING, AND IT'S BEEN
GOING ON FOR YEARS.
IT IS AN ENORMOUS DATABASE OF
CALLS AMASSED BY THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY AND MADE PUBLIC
TODAY.
THE REVELATION CAME FIRST IN THE
"GUARDIAN" NEWSPAPER IN LONDON.
IT REPORTED THE "FOREIGN
INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT
HAS AUTHORIZED THE N.S.A. TO
MONITOR MILLIONS OF DOMESTIC AND
INTERNATIONAL CALLS BY VERIZON
CUSTOMERS."
IN WASHINGTON, ATTORNEY GENERAL
ERIC HOLDER DECLINED TO GO INTO
DETAIL, AT A SENATE HEARING.
>> WITHOUT SAYING ANYTHING
SPECIFIC, I WILL SAY THIS, WITH
REGARD TO MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
HAVE BEEN FULLY BRIEFED AS THESE
ISSUES, MATTERS HAVE BEEN
UNDERWAY.
>> Brown: LATER, A WHITE HOUSE
SPOKESMAN DEFENDED THE PROGRAM.
AND, HE SAID THE GOVERNMENT IS
NOT ALLOWED TO LISTEN IN ON THE
PHONE CALLS.
INSTEAD, UNDER THE COURT ORDER,
THE N.S.A. LOGS WHAT'S KNOWN AS
"METADATA"-- CALL LOCATION,
DURATION, AND NUMBERS DIALED--
BUT NOT THE SUBSCRIBER'S
IDENTITIES OR THE CONTENT OF A
CALL.
FOR THE MOST PART, LAWMAKERS
FROM BOTH PARTIES SEEMED
UNTROUBLED TODAY BY THE AGENCY'S
ACTIVITIES.
REPUBLICAN SENATOR LINDSEY
GRAHAM OF SOUTH CAROLINA SPOKE
AT THE HOLDER HEARING.
>> I'M A VERIZON CUSTOMER.
IT DOESN'T BOTHER ME ONE BIT FOR
THE NATIONAL SECURITY
ADMINISTRATION TO HAVE MY PHONE
NUMBER.
BECAUSE WHAT THEY'RE TRYING TO
DO IS FIND OUT WHAT TERRORIST
GROUPS WE KNOW ABOUT AND
INDIVIDUALS AND WHO THE HELL
THEY'RE CALLING.
THE CONSEQUENCES TAKING THESE
TOOLS AWAY FROM THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE THROUGH THEIR GOVERNMENT
WOULD BE CATASTROPHIC.
>> Brown: OTHER SENATORS
CONFIRMED THE N.S.A. HAS BEEN
BUILDING A MASSIVE DATABASE OF
CALLS TO LOOK FOR SUSPICIOUS
PATTERNS SINCE 2006, UNDER "THE
PATRIOT ACT."
DEMOCRAT DIANNE FEINSTEIN,
CHAIRING THE SENATE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE, SAID THE RECORDS ARE
COLLECTED, BUT NOT REVIEWED
UNLESS THERE'S A GOOD REASON.
>> IF THROUGH ANOTHER WAY
INFORMATION COMES TO THE F.B.I.
THAT THERE IS REASONABLE
SUSPICION THAT A TERRORIST ACT,
CONSPIRACY, PLANNING, CARRYING
OUT IS GOING ON, THEY CAN ACCESS
THOSE RECORDS.
THE RECORDS ARE THERE TO ACCESS.
>> Brown: BUT AT LEAST ONE
SENATOR DEMOCRAT RON WYDEN OF
OREGON RAISED A CONCERN IN A
STATEMENT, SAYING, "I BELIEVE
THAT WHEN LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS
CALL THEIR FRIENDS, WHO THEY
CALL, WHEN THEY CALL AND WHERE
THEY CALL FROM IS PRIVATE
INFORMATION."
IT WAS FIRST REPORTED IN 2006,
THAT THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION WAS
WIRETAPPING E-MAILS AND PHONE
CALLS WORLDWIDE IN THE HUNT FOR
TERROR SUSPECTS.
AT THE TIME, THEN-SENATOR OBAMA
SAID IT WAS A SLIPPERY SLOPE.
HOUSE SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER SAID
TODAY IT'S NOW UP TO PRESIDENT
OBAMA TO EXPLAIN HOW CRITICAL
THE PROGRAM IS.
>> IT'S IMPORTANT FOR PRESIDENT
TO OUTLINE TO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE WHY THE TOOLS THAT HE HAS
AVAILABLE TO HIM ARE CRITICAL TO
THE THREATS THAT WE MAY... THAT
WE MAY HAVE.
>> Brown: FOR THEIR PART,
VERIZON AND OTHER MAJOR CARRIERS
DECLINED TO COMMENT TODAY.
LATE TODAY THE "WASHINGTON POST"
REPORTED THE N.S.A. AND THE
F.B.I. ARE TAPPING DIRECTLY INTO
SERVERS FOR NINE OF THE
COUNTRY'S LEADING INTERNET
COMPANIES, GATHERING AUDIO,
VIDEO, PHOTOGRAPHS, E-MAILS, AND
OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION UNDER
A HIGHLY CLASSIFIED PROGRAM.
AND WE PICK UP THE DEBATE NOW,
WITH KATE MARTIN, DIRECTOR OF
THE CENTER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY
STUDIES, A CIVIL LIBERTIES
ADVOCACY GROUP.
AND COL. CEDRIC LEIGHTON HAD A
26-YEAR CAREER IN THE AIR FORCE
AND SERVED AS DEPUTY TRAINING
DIRECTOR FOR THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY IN 2009 AND
2010.
HE NOW HAS HIS OWN CONSULTING
FIRM.
WELCOME TO BOTH OF YOU.
KATE MARTIN, LET ME START WITH
YOU.
ONE REACTION TODAY WE HEARD WAS,
"WHAT'S NEW?
ANT'S THE BIG DEAL?"
ORDER.
YOU HAD A DIFFERENT REACTION?
>> WELL, I WAS ASTOUNDEDDED,
FIRST OF ALL, TO LEARN FOR THE
FIRST TIME, THAT THE GOVERNMENT
THINKS THE LAW ALLOWS THIS.
AND EVEN MORE ASOUND
THAT THEY WERE DOING IT.
WE'VE ENGAGED IN DEBATES IN THIS
COUNTRY ABOUT CHANGES TO THIS
LAW FOR THE LAST 12 YEARS.
THE CIVIL LIBERTIES COMMUNITY
HAS CONTINUALLY RAISED CONCERNS
ABOUT BULK COLLECTION, AND
BASICALLY, BEEN TOLD THAT IT'S
NOT A PROBLEM.
AND IT TURNS OUT, THAT THE BULK
COLLECTION THAT'S GOING ON
APPEARS TO BE BEYOND OUR WILDEST
FEARS.
>> Brown: ALL RIGHT, LEAD ME
ASK CEDRIC LEIGHTON, THIS BULK
COLLECTION, METADATA.
EXPLAIN IT A LITTLE BIT MORE AND
WHY YOU THINK IT'S OKAY AND NOT
AN INVASION OF PRIVACY?
>> IT DEPENDS ON HOW IT'S DONE,
ACTUALLY, JEFF.
THE BASIC IDEA ABOUT BULK
COLLECTION SUTAKE ALL OF THE
DATA YOU CAN POSSIBLY GATHER AND
LOOK FOR THE INDICATORS THAT YOU
ARE-- YOU NEED.
SO, FOR EXAMPLE, LET'S SAY YOU
WANT TO FIND SOMEBODY WHO IS
CONNECTED WITH SOMEBODY IN
CHECHNYA BECAUSE OF THE BOSTON
BOMB AGO WE'LL USE THAT AS AN
EXAMPLE-- YOU LOOK AT HOW THEIR
PHONE CALLS WORK.
YOU LOOK AT HOW THEY TALK TO
PEOPLE, WHERE THEY TALK TO THEM,
HAD THEY TALK TO THEM, AND WHICH
PEOPLE THEY TALK TO.
ONCE VUT CONNECTION TO, LET'S
SAY, CHECHNYA, YOU LOOK AT HOW
THAT PERSON INTERFACES WITH
PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES AND
IF PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES
ARE PART OF A NETWORK, A
TERRORIST NETWORK, OR JUST
INNOCENT PEOPLE PART OF A
FRIEND'S NETWORK THAT HAS NO
KNOWLEDGE OF ANY OTHER EFFORTS
THAT ARE GOING ON.
>> Brown: IN FACT, KATE
MARTIN, THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN MIKE ROGERS
TODAY SAID-- AND I WANT TO QUOTE
THIS-- "THIS N.S.A. PROGRAM
HELPED STOP A SIGNIFICANT TERROR
ATTACK IN THE U.S. IN THE LAST
FEW YEARS."
HE DIDN'T GIVE ANY MORE
INFORMATION THAN THAT.
THAT'S ALL WE KNOW.
>> RIGHT, AND I THINK THAT
THAT'S NOT THE POINT AT THE
MOMENT.
THE QUESTION, OF COURSE, IS
WHETHER OR NOT A LESSER
INTRUSIVE PROGRAM WOULD ALSO
STOP TERRORIST ATTACKS.
WE ALL WANT THAT TO HAPPEN.
AND THE FIRST QUESTION IS WROO
THE GOVERNMENT'S GOING TO COME
CLEAN, FIRST OF ALL, ABOUT
WHETHER IT THINKS IT HAS THE
LEGAL POWER TO DO, AND SECOND OF
ALL, WHAT IT'S DOING.
YOU KNOW, SO THEY'VE BASICALLY
BEEN KEEPING THIS A SECRET, AND
INSTEAD OF, YOU KNOW, SAYING,
"OH, GOSH.
MAYBE WE NEED TO HAVE A PUBLIC
DEBATE ABOUT THE CONTOURS OF THE
PROGRAM, WHETHER OR NOT THE
PROGRAM'S REALLY NEEDED," ET
CETERA, THEY'VE JUMPED TO, "OH,
WELL THE PROGRAM'S BEEN USEFUL."
BUT THAT'S NOT THE CRITERIA.
THE CRITERIA IS WHETHER OR NOT
THE PROGRAM'S LAWFUL, AND IT'S
LAWFUL ONLY, IN MY JUDGMENT, IF
THE CONGRESS AND THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE HAVE UNDERSTOOD THAT THE
LAW ALLOWS IT.
AND CONGRESS, APPARENTLY, THINKS
THAT THEY UNDERSTOOD IT.
THEY FORGOT TO TELL US.
>> Brown: WELL, LET ME--
COLONEL LEIGHTON, ONE OF THE
QUESTIONS HERE IS SORT OF HOW
CLEAR THE LAW IS, RIGHT?
I MEAN, IN DECIDING WHEN THE
COLLECTION OF DATA IS ALLOWED,
HOW WELL DEFINED IS THIS IDEA OF
RELEVANCY TO IMPORTANT SECURITY
DATA.
IS THAT CLEAR?
>> WELL, IT'S-- YOU KNOW, WHEN
YOU LOOK AT HOW THE LAW IS
WRITTEN, IT IS NOT EXACTLY
EXPLICITLY CLEAR.
SO FOR EXAMPLE KATE AND I CAN
HAVE A DEBATE ON THE ISSUE, ON
THE MERITS OF THE LAW, BUT THE
ISSUE FOR AN INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
IS HOW DO I, AS AN INTELLIGENCE
AGENCY, LOOK AT THE DATA THAT IS
AVAILABLE TO ME AND WHAT KIND OF
DATA SHOULD BE MADE AVAILABLE TO
ME.
SO THE INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES
LOOK TO THE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
IN THE WHITE HOUSE, AND THEN THE
LEGISLATIVE LEADERSHIP IN
CONGRESS, AND IN THESE
PARTICULAR CASES, CONGRESS HAS
BEEN BRIEFED ON THE PROGRAM, ON
THE NATURE OF THE PROGRAM, AND
TO SOME DEGREE, ON THE EXTENT OF
THE PROGRAM.
>> Brown: BUT THEY'RE LOOKING
TO A JUDGE, ULTIMATELY, WHO HAS
TO MAKE THE-- HAS THE OPINION
THAT THIS IS, IN FACT, RELEVANT
ENOUGH.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THE JUDGE HAS TO MAKE THE
DETERMINATION IN THE CASE OF THE
FISA COURTS, THE FOREIGN
INTELLIGENCE COURTS, THEY ARE
DESIGNED TO WORK IN A CLASSIFIED
ARENA, AND THEY TAKE THE
ARGUMENTS FROM NSAY, OR ANOTHER
INTELLIGENCE AGENCY AND SAY,
"OKAY, IS THIS RELEVANT TO
NATIONAL SECURITY?
IS THERE A CLEAR AND PRESENT
DANGER TO US RIGHT NOW THAT
REQUIRES THIS KIND OF ACTION?"
IF THERE IS NOT, THEY SHOULD
REJECT THE NOTION.
IF THERE IS, THEN THEY ACCEPT
IT, AND THAT'S HOW THEY OPERATE.
>> Brown: KATE MARTIN, RESPOND
TO THAT.
WHERE IS THE WEAK LINK, IF YOU
THINK THERE IS ONE?
>> I THINK THE FIRST QUESTION WE
DON'T KNOW IS WHAT IS THE
GOVERNMENT DOING?
DOES IT CONSIDER THAT IT'S
RELEVANT TO COLLECT NOT ONLY ALL
OF OUR METADATA ON ALL OF OUR
PHONE CALLS AND OUR INTERNET
COMMUNICATIONS, BUT ALSO OTHER
KINDS OF RECORDS -- BANK
RECORDS, CREDIT CARD RECORDS--
IN THE GOVERNMENT'S VIEWS THOSE
AREN'T PROTECT BIDE THE 4th
AMENDMENT.
SO IT HAS A GIANT DATABASE WHICH
I VAGUELY HEARD TODAY THAT MAYBE
BEFORE-- THEY HAD SOME MORE
PROCEDURES, RIGHT, ABOUT HOW
THEY USE THAT DATABASE.
THAT'S ALL SECRET.
SO WE DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS THAT
THEY'RE COLLECTING, THE BREADTH
OF WHAT THEY'RE COLLECTING, NOR
DO WE KNOW WHAT THE RULES ARE
ABOUT USING IT.
AND, YOU KNOW, MY VIEW OF THE
CONSTITUTION IS THAT THE BASIC
PURPOSE OF THE 4th AMENDMENT
WAS TO PREVENT GENERAL SEARCHES,
WHICH MEANT THAT THE GOVERNMENT
GOES IN TO YOUR HOUSE, TAKES
EVERYTHING, AND LOOKS THROUGH IT
TO SEE IF THERE'S EVIDENCE OF A
CRIME OR TERRORISM.
AND I WORRY THAT WHAT IT SEEMS
LIKE,@BUT WE NEED TO KNOW
BECAUSE WE DON'T KNOW AND WE'VE
BEEN DENIED THE INFORMATION--
THAT WHAT THE GOVERNMENT'S
APPROACH AT THE MOMENT IS,
"WE'LL CONSTRUCT THIS ENORMOUS
DATABASE ON ALL AMERICANS'
ACTIVITIES."
>> Brown: LET ME ASK CEDRIC
LEIGHTON TO RESPOND TO THAT.
IS THERE A WAY FOR THE
GOVERNMENT TO BE CLEARER ABOUT
WHAT IT'S COLLECTING AND STILL
DO ITS WORK?
>> I THINK SO, AND I THINK WE
HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL WITH IT.
I THINK KATE BROUGHT UP AN
INTERESTING POINT, AN SLBT
POINT-- EXCELLENT POINT IN THAT
THEY HAVE NOT BEEN CLEAR ABOUT
HOW THEY HANDLED THE DATA AND
SOME OF THE ISSUES SURROUNDING
IT TO THIS POINT HAVE BEEN
CLASSIFIED.
BUT THERE ARE WAYS TO SAY, OKAY,
THIS IS THE DATA WE'RE
COLLECTING IN GENERAL TERMS, AND
OUR WAY OF HANDLING THAT DATA IS
AS FOLLOWS-- FOR EXAMPLE, THERE
ARE RULES THAT GOVERN HOW WE
DEAL WITH DATA FROM U.S.
PERSONS.
NSA HAS SOME VERY SPECIFIC
RULES, MAN OF WHICH ARE
CLASSIFIED.
BUT THE GIST OF THEM IS NO ONE
CAN GATHER DATA ON U.S. PERSONS
WITHOUT THE EXPRESS
PERMISSIONAVE COURT, AND THAT IS
PART OF THAT.
THAT'S THE BEGINNING OF THIS
APPROACH WHERE WE HAVE TO BE
VERY CAREFUL WITH HOW WE MAKE
THIS WORK.
>> Brown: VERY BRIEFLY, NOW WE
HAVE THE "WASHINGTON POST"
REPORTS ABOUT THE INTERNET.
WOULD IT SURPRISE TO YOU FIND
OTHER PHONE COMPANIES MAY HAVE
BEEN INVOLVED WITH THIS AT ALL?
>> NOT AT ALL.
I THINK IT'S LOGICAL--
>> Brown: YOU'RE EXPECTING TO
HEAR MORE.
>> YES
>> AND JUST TO BE CLEAR, THE
EXPRESS PERMISSIONAVE COURT IS
NOT EQUAL TO A 4th AMENDMENT
WARRANT.
THERE WAS NO 4th AMENDMENT
WARRANT TYPE ORDER IN THIS CASE,
AND IT'S REALLY DISTURBING THAT
WE HAD TO LEARN ABOUT THIS
THROUGH A LEAKED DOCUMENT RATHER
THAN--
>> Brown: OKAY,E WI WLL
CONTINUE TO FOLLOW TH.IS
KATE MARTIN, CEDRIC LEIGHTON,
THANK YOU BOTH VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Woodruff: STILL TO COME ON
THE "NEWSHOUR": MARGARET WARNER
IN LEBANON; THE FIGHT OVER FOOD
STAMPS; PAUL KRUGMAN ON THE
GOVERNMENT'S ROLE IN ECONOMIC
CRISIS AND A NEW BOOK ON THE
PATH TO VICTORY IN WORLD WAR
TWO.
BUT FIRST, THE OTHER NEWS
OF THE DAY.
HERE'S KWAME HOLMAN.
>> Holman: A TOP OFFICIAL AT
THE I.R.S. APOLOGIZED TODAY FOR
A 2010 CONFERENCE THAT COST
MORE THAN $4 MILLION.
FARIS FINK TOLD A HOUSE HEARING
HIS DIVISION FOLLOWED RULES IN
PLACE AT THE TIME, BUT HE
ACKNOWLEDGED NONETHELESS THE
SPENDING WAS EXCESSIVE.
SOME OF IT PAID FOR VIDEOS SHOWN
AT TODAY'S HEARING.
ONE WAS A "STAR TREK" PARODY
WHICH DREW THIS FROM NEW YORK
DEMOCRAT CAROLYN MALONEY.
>> NOT ONLY WAS IT A MONUMENTAL
WASTE OF WELL OVER $50,000 OF
TAXPAYERS' MONEY, BUT I WOULD
SAY IT IS AN INSULT TO THE
MEMORY OF "STAR TREK".
I COULD DO A BETTER CAPTAIN
KIRK.
BUT I THINK I RECOGNIZED ONE OF
THE PANELISTS IN THE VIDEO.
MR. FINK, WERE YOU MR. SPOCK IN
THAT VIDEO?
YES, THAT IS CORRECT.
>> Holman: AN INSPECTOR
GENERAL REP'SORT FOUND THE
I.R.S. SPENT NEARLY $50 MILLION
ON 225 CONFERENCES OVER TWO
YEARS.
FINK SAID TODAY NEW RULES NOW
PUT MUCH LOWER LIMITS ON
TRAINING AND TRAVEL EXPENSES.
SENATE DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS
BLOCKED EACH OTHER'S PROPOSALS
TODAY TO KEEP STUDENT LOAN
INTEREST RATES FROM DOUBLING.
REPUBLICANS WANTED TO TIE RATES
ON FEDERALLY SUBSIDIZED STAFFORD
LOANS TO TEN-YEAR TREASURY
NOTES, MEANING THEY WOULD RISE
AS THE ECONOMY GAINS.
DEMOCRATS SOUGHT TO EXTEND THE
CURRENT 3.4% RATE FOR THE NEXT
TWO YEARS.
BARRING CONGRESSIONAL ACTION,
THE RATE GOES TO 6.8% ON
JULY FIRST.
NEW JERSEY GOVERNOR CHRIS
CHRISTIE HAS NAMED HIS STATE
ATTORNEY GENERAL, JEFF CHIESA,
AS INTERIM U.S. SENATOR.
HE SUCCEEDS LONG-SERVING
DEMOCRAT FRANK LAUTENBERG, WHO
DIED EARLIER THIS WEEK.
CHRISTIE SAID TODAY THE NEW
SENATOR WILL SERVE JUST FOUR
MONTHS, AND WILL NOT BE
A CANDIDATE IN AN OCTOBER
SPECIAL ELECTION.
>> I MADE HIM THE OFFER, AS I
TOLD YOU, HE TEXTED ME THE NEXT
MORNING AND SAID I'M IN.
I CALLED HIM AND SAID GREAT.
AND I SAID NOW ARE YOU GOING TO
RUN FOR IT.
AND HE SAID I HAVE NO INTEREST
IN BEING A POLITICAL CANDIDATE.
FINE WITH ME, JEFF.
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO RUN, THAT'S
FINE.
>> Holman: CHIESA WILL BEHE T
FIRST REPUBLICAN TO REPRESENT
NEW JERSEY IN THE SENATE SINCE
1982.
THE FIRST SYSTEM TO REACH STORM
STRENGTH AND EARN A NAME THIS
ATLANTIC HURRICANE SEASON PUSHED
ONTO FLORIDA'S GULF COAST TODAY.
TROPICAL STORM ANDREA TOOK AIM
AT THE STATE'S BIG BEND REGION,
WITH HEAVY RAIN AND WINDS OF
60 MILES AN HOUR.
IT WAS HEADED FOR GEORGIA AND
THE CAROLINAS.
THE STORM IS NOT EXPECTED TO
STRENGTHEN INTO A HURRICANE.
RESCUE CREWS IN PHILADELPHIA
FINISHED SEARCHING A COLLAPSED
BUILDING TODAY, AS AN
INVESTIGATION BEGAN INTO HOW IT
HAPPENED.
SIX PEOPLE DIED YESTERDAY WHEN
THE FOUR-STORY STRUCTURE FELL AS
IT WAS BEING DEMOLISHED.
MAYOR MICHAEL NUTTER FACED
QUESTIONS TODAY ABOUT PROBLEMS
AT THE SITE AND THE CONTRACTOR'S
HISTORY OF LEGAL AND FINANCIAL
TROUBLE.
>> SOMETHING OBVIOUSLY WENT
WRONG HERE YESTERDAY AND
POSSIBLY IN THE DAYS LEADING UP
TO IT THAT'S WHAT THE
INVESTIGATION IS FOR, BUT THE
SIMPLY ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION
IS WE HAVE DEMOLISHINGS ALL THE
TIME WITH ACTIVE BUILDINGS NEXT
TO THEM AND THEY'RE DONE VERY
SAFELY IN THIS CITY ALL THE
TIME.
>> Holman: THE BUILDING FELL
ONTO A NEIGHBONG SRIALVATION
ARMY THRIFT STORE.
IN ADDITION TO THOSE KILLED, AT
LEAST 13 PEOPLE WERE HURT.
IN TURKEY, PROTESTERS AGAIN
DEFIED PRIME MINISTER RECEP
TAYYIP ERDOGAN.
THOUSANDS MARCHED IN ISTANBUL,
JEERING AND CARRYING SIGNS
DEMANDING ERDOGAN'S RESIGNATION.
THEY VOWED TO KEEP UP THE
DEMONSTRATIONS THAT BEGAN A WEEK
AGO.
MEANWHILE, ERDOGAN-- WINDING UP
A TRIP TO NORTH AFRICA-- CHARGED
THAT TERROR GROUPS ARE INVOLVED
IN THE PROTESTS.
ON WALL STREET, STOCKS BROKE
A TWO-DAY LOSING STREAK.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
GAINED 80 POINTS TO CLOSE AT
15,040.
THE NASDAQ ROSE 22 POINTS TO
CLOSE AT 3,424.
SWIMMING CHAMPION AND MOVIE STAR
ESTHER WILLIAMS DIED TODAY IN
LOS ANGELES.
WILLIAMS WON SEVERAL RACES IN
THE 1939 NATIONAL SWIMMING
CHAMPIONSHIPS, AND THEN, MOVED
TO THE MOVIES IN 1942.
SHE STARRED IN A NUMBER OF
AQUATIC MUSICALS THROUGH THE
1940s AND '50s, AND WAS A
FAVORITE PINUP FOR G.I.s DURING
WORLD WAR TWO.
AT HER DEATH, ESTHER WILLIAMS
WAS 91 YEARS OLD.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE DAY'S
MAJOR STORIES.
NOW, BACK TO JEFF.
>> Brown: NEXT TO SYRIA, WHERE
REBELS BRIEFLY SEIZED CONTROL OF
THE ONLY BORDER CROSSING WITH
ISRAEL IN THE GOLAN HEIGHTS
TODAY, SENDING UNITED NATIONS
STAFF IN THE AREA SCRAMBLING  TO
SHELTERS.
AUSTRIAN PEACEKEEPERS ANNOUNCED
THEY'D WITHDRATHEIW R TROOPS
BECAUSE OF THE VIOLENCE.
SEVERAL HOURS LATER, PRESIDENT
BASHAR AL-ASSAD'S FORCES RE-TOOK
THE CROSSING.
MEANWHILE, AL-QAEDA LEADER AYMAN
AL-ZAWAHARI URGED SYRIAN
UNITE AGAINST ASSAD.
AND IN LEBANON THERE WERE MORE
SIGNS TODAY THAT THE CONFLICT IS
SPILLING OVER THERE FOLLOWING
THE TAKEOVER OF THE SYRIAN TOWN
OF QUSAIR BY ASSAD FORCES AND
HEZBOLLAH.
MARGARET WARNER IS IN BEIRUT AND
TALKED TO RAY SUAREZ A SHORT
TIME AGO.
>> Suarez: MARGARET, WELCOME.
WHAT'S THE REACTION IN LEBANON
TO THE VICTORY OF ASSAD'S FORCES
IN QUSAIR OVER THE FREE SYRIAN
ARMY?
>> Warner: RAY, THE REACTION'S
BEEN LARGE HERE BECAUSE OF THE
ROLE THAT HEZBOLLAH FIGHTERS
FROM LEBANON PLAYED IN THE
RETAKING OF QUSAIR, ASSISTING
THE ASSADORC FES.
THERE ALSO HAS BEEN AN IMMEDIATE
SECURITY REACTION HERE IN
LEBANON-- THAT IS, 11 ROCKETS
WERE FIRED OVERNIGHT AT THE
HEZBOLLAH STRONGHOLD IN THE
VALLEY.
AND TODAY, SYRIAN MILITARY
PLANE, LOOKS LIKE A HELICOPTER,
FIRED ROCKETS AT A TOWN IN
NORTHERN LEBANON IN THE VALLEY
THAT'S BEEN A HAVEN FOR FREE
SYRIAN ARMY FIGHTERS, REBELS,
AND REFUGEES.
THAT WAS OF PARTICULAR CONCERN
TO WESTERN DIPLOMATIC OFFICIALS
HERE, WHAT THE SYRIAN MILITARY
DID, BECAUSE AS ONE SAID TO ME,
IT SHOWS THAT THE SYRIAN
GOVERNMENT DOESN'T FEEL ANY
SENSE OF RESTRAINT EXWL EXW MORE
ABOUT CROSSING THIS BORDER LINE
TO PURSUE ITS ENEMIES INSIDE
LEBANON.
AND FINALLY, IT HAS STIRRED UP
FEARS AMONG PEOPLE HERE WHO HAVE
THEIR EAR TO THE GROUND IN TERMS
OF SECURITY SITUATION, IT IS
GOING TO INFLAME SUNNIS HERE,
AND EXTREMIST SUNNIS MAY TAKE
THEIR REVENGE ON HEZBOLLAH AND
SHIAS IN GENERAL BY ATTACKING
THEM HERE IN LEBANON.
>> Suarez: YOU'VE HAD THE
CHANCE TO SPEAK TO PEOPLE CLOSE
TO BOTH HEZBOLLAH AND THE SYRIAN
REBELS.
WHAT'S NEXT FOR BOTH SIDES IN
THIS CONFLICT?
>> Warner: WHAT I HEAR FROM
SOMEONE VERY CLOSE TO THE F.S.A.
GENERAL EGRES, THERE IS MANY
FIGHTERS TRAPPED IN SUSAYER
BETWEEN GOVERNMENT FORCES IN THE
CENTER OF TOWN AND ESSENTIALLY A
LOT OF HEZBOLLAH AROUND.
HE SAID THE MAIN PROBLEM THE
F.S.A. REALIZES THEY HAVE AND
HAVE TO SOLVE IS COMMAND AND
CONTROL, THE FORCES THEY THOUGHT
THEY COLLECTED FROM AROUND THE
COUNTRY FOR THE RESCUE
OPERATION, MOST NEVER GOT IN.
THAT'S THEIR SITUATION.
FOR HEZBOLLAH, I TALKED TO
SOMEONE, A FORMER LEBANESE
SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE
OFFICIAL, VERY CLOSE TO-- TALKS
TO ALL THE PLAYERS, INCLUDING
THE SYRIANS, BECAUSE OF THE
SYRIAN OCCUPATION HERE.
HE SAID HE DOUBTS THAT HEZBOLLAH
WILL, AS OTHERS HAVE REPORTED,
MOVE ON TO ALEPPO AND OTHER
AREAS IN SYRIA.
HE SAID, "I DON'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE GOING TO MOVE DEEP INTO
SYRIA.
THEY'RE GOING TO STAY PROTECTING
THE BORDER AROUND LEBANON,
PROTECTING HOLY SITES, SHIITE
HOLY SITE, PROTECTING THEIR OWN
SUPPLY ROUTES AND PROTECT
SOMETHING LEBANESE WHO LIVE
INSIDE SYRIA."
HE SAID, "I WOULD BE SURPRISED
IF THEY GO ON."
THAT ALL REMAINS TO BE SEEN.
>> Suarez: OUR MARGARET WARNER
JOINING US FROM BEIRUT.
MARGARET, THANKS A LOT.
>> Warner: MY PLEASURE, RAY.
>> Woodruff: NOW, THE DEBATE
OVER CUTTING FOOD STAMPS.
THE SENATE AGREED TODAY TO MOVE
FORWARD WITH A VOTE NEXT MONDAY
ON A WIDE-RANGING FARM BILL.
MORE THAN THREE-QUARTERS OF THE
MONEY FOR IT-- OR ABOUT $760
BILLION OVER TEN YEARS-- WOULD
GO TOWARD FOOD STAMPS, NOW
CALLED THE SUPPLEMENTAL
NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM, OR
SNAP.
SNAP HAS GROWN IN THE WAKE
OF THE RECESSION.
ROUGHLY 47 MILLION AMERICANS OR
ABOUT 15% OF THE POPULATION
RECEIVE ASSISTANCE FROM IT.
BUT NOW THERE'S A PUSH TO CUT
BACK.
THE SENATE BILL WOULD TRIM IT
SLIGHTLY BY FOUR BILLION OVER
TEN YEARS.
A VERSION MOVING THROUGH THE
HOUSE WOULD CUT AT LEAST
$20 BILLION, POSSIBLY MORE.
WE LOOK AT ALL THIS WITH LORI
SILVERBUSH, A FILMMAKER WHO
PRODUCED THE DOCUMENTARY
"A PLACE AT THE TABLE," WHICH
EXPLORES HUNGER IN THE UNITED
STATES.
AND CHRIS EDWARDS, DIRECTOR OF
TAX POLICY STUDIES AT THE CATO
INSTITUTE AND EDITOR OF
ITS downsizinggovernment.org
WEBSITE.
WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
CHRIS EDWARDS, TO YOU FIRST.
WITH MILLIONS OF AMERICANS STILL
UNEMPLOYED, MANY OF THEM STILL
NOT EARNING, THOSE WHO ARE
EMPLOYED, AS MUCH AS THEY WERE
AVERAGE BEFORE, WHY IS NOW THE
TIME TO CUT FOOD STAMPS?
>> WELL, I THINK WE NEED TO LOOK
AT NOT JUST THE FOOD STAMPS BUT
FARM SUBSIDIES TO CUT.
SO I JUST WOULDN'T ZERO IN ON
FOOD STAMPS.
THERE'S A LOT OF CUTTING I THINK
WE NEED TO DO IN THIS FARM BILL
IN GENERAL.
>> Woodruff: BUT THE FOOD
STAMPS ARE THE BULK OF THE FARM
BILL.
>> NO, THAT'S ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
YOU LOOK AT THE BIG PICTURE, THE
COST OF THE FOOD STAMP PROGRAM
HAS ROUGHLY QUADRUPLED OVER THE
LAST DECADES FROM ABOUT $20
MILLION TO ABOUT $80 BILLION
TODAY AND THE HOUSE REPUBLICANS
ARE THINKING OF CUTTING $2
BILLION OF THAT.
A COUPLE OF A PERCENT.
OFFER QUADRUPLE THE SIZE OF A
PROGRAM, I THINK THAT'S A
REASONABLE CUT, THAT SMALL.
>> Woodruff: LORI SILVERBUSH,
WHAT ABOUT THIS POINT THAT THE
PROGRAM HAS GROWN SO MUCH WHY
ISN'T IT REASONABLE TO BEGIN TO
MAKE SOME CUTS NOW?
>> WELL, I THINK IT'S
INTERESTING THAT YOU SAY THAT,
CHRIS.
I MEAN, IT'S GROWN SO MUCH
BECAUSE DEMAND HAS GROWN SO
MUCH.
IT ISN'T GROWING BECAUSE IT'S
BLOATD OR NOT BEING ADMINISTERED
WELL.
THERE'S THAT MANY PEOPLE HUNGRY
WHO ARE AVAILING THEMSELVES OF
IT.
SO THE WORD "REASONABLE" SAY
FUNNY WORD.
WHAT'S A REASONABLE AMOUNT OF
HUNGER FOR YOUR KIDS, FOR
EXAMPLE?
HOW MANY MEALS WOULD YOU WANT
YOUR CHILDREN NOT TO EAT IN
ORDER TO BALANCE THE BUDGET?
I THINK THE WORD "REASONABLE" IS
DECEPTIVE.
>> YOU KNOW, THE THING IS, IT'S
TRUE THAT THE RECESSION AND THE
ECONOMIC SLOW-DOWN HAS CAUSED
FOOD STAMP COSTS TO INCREASE.
BUT THE COST OF THE PROGRAM
ROUGHLY DOUBLED UNDER PRESIDENT
BUSH, EVEN BEFORE PRESIDENT
OBAMA CAME TO OFFICE, JUST
BECAUSE CONGRESS AND PRESIDENT
BUSH EXPANDED THE ELIGIBILITY SO
MUCH.
SO THAT'S PART OF THE PROBLEM.
AND EVEN NOW, THE UNEMPLOYMENT
RATE NOW IS LOWER THAN WHEN
PRESIDENT OBAMA FIRST CAME TO
OFFICE, AND YET THERE'S MILLIONS
MORE ON FOOD STAMPS.
SO THE CONGRESS AND THE STATES
HAVE CONTINUED TO LOOSEN
ELIGIBILITY.
SO THE FOOD STAMP PROGRAM NOW IS
NOT JUST FOR THE LOWEST INCOME
PEOPLE.
IT'S MOVING UP INTO THE MIDDLE
CLASS.
>> Woodruff: HOW DO YOU
RESPOND TO THAT?
>> WELL, SURE, CHRIS.
I MEAN, CHRIS, YOU'RE MAKING A
VERY GOOD POINT.
MEMBERS OF THE MIDDLE CLASS ARE
NOW GOING HUNGRY AND AS A
CONSEQUENCE THEY'RE SIGNING UP
FOR FOOD STAMPS PING IT MAKES
SENS SENS THERE WOULD BE A LAG
BETWEEN FOOD STAMP PEOPLE
AVAILING THEMSELVES OF THE
PROGRAM AFTER BEING UNEMPLOYED.
I'M NOT AN ECONOMIST.
I'M A FILMMAKER.
I WENT AROUND THE COUNTRY WITH
MY PARTNER, CHRISTIE JACOBSON,
AND WE MET THE PEOPLE YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT, THE MIDDLE CLASS
PEOPLE WHO I THINK YOU'RE TRYING
TO IMPLY ARE GAMING THE SYSTEM.
WE MET PEOPLE JUST TRYING TO PUT
FOOD ON THE TABLE AND
STRUGGLING, OR OUT OF WORK, OR
COBBLING TOGETHER PART-TIME JOBS
WITHOUT BENEFITS.
AND NOT PAYING THEIR RENT SO
THAT THEY COULD BUY FOOD OR
NOT-- YOU KNOW, GOING WITHOUT
MEDICAL CARE SO THEY COULD BUY
FOOD.
I THINK ALL OF THE THINGS YOU'RE
SAYING ARE FACTUAL, SURE, BUT
YOU'RE NOT SAYING, WELL, THE
REASON FOOD STAMP ENROLLMENT
WENT UP SO MUCH UNDER PRESIDENT
BUSH WAS BECAUSE NEED WENT UP SO
MUCH.
THIS IS A PROGRAM WITH VERY,
VERY LOW RATES OF FRAUD.
IT'S NOT BEING-- I DON'T THINK
PEOPLE ARE GAME THE SYSTEM AT
ALL, AND WE SURE DIDN'T FIND
THAT.
>> Woodruff: HOW DO YOU
RESPOND TO THAT?
>> WELL, ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT'S HAPPENED IS THERE USED TO
BE STRICT INCOME AND ASSET TESTS
ON THE PROGRAM.
IN OTHER WORDS, IF YOUR INCOME
WAS TOO HIGH OR YOU HAD A LOT OF
MONEY IN THE BANK, YOU DIDN'T
GET FOOD STAMPS.
THOSE SORTS OF LIMITS HAVE BEEN
BASICALLY ELIMINATED IN MOST OF
THE STATES NOW FOR THIS
COMPLICATED REASON CALLED
"CATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY."
BUT BASICALLY, THE REPUBLICANS
HAVE BEEN TRYING TO REESTABLISH
SOME INCOME AND ASSET TESTS SO
YOU CAN'T HAVE TOO MUCH MONEY OR
TOO MUCH MONEY IN THE BANK AND
STILL GET FOOD STAMPS.
THERE HAS BEEN PLENTY OF
ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE, FOR EXAMPLE,
FOR EXAMPLE, GROUPS OF PEOPLE,
COLLEGE STUDENTS NOW OFTEN GET
FOOD STAMPS AND THEY NEVER USED
TO.
SO THERE'S A GROWING SORT OF
DEPENDENCE HERE, AND, YOU KNOW,
A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO DIDN'T USED
TO EVEN WANT TO GET FOOD STAMPS
ARE NOW BEING DEPENDENT ON THE
GOVERNMENT.
>> Woodruff: LORI SILVERBUSH,
WHAT ABOUT THIS ARGUMENT THAT
THE ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS
HAVE NOW GROWN LOOSER SO THAT
THEY ARE NOW POSSIBLY SCOOPING
IN PEOPLE WHO-- WHO MAY NOT NEED
FOOD STAMPS?
>> WELL, LET'S BE REALLY CLEAR.
THOSE ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS
ARE STILL INCREDIBLY-- THE BAR
IS VERY, VERY HIGH TO ENTRANCE
TO FOOD STAMPS.
AS FAMILY OF FOOR I THINK IT'S A
TOTAL INCOME OF $28,000 A YEAR
FOR A FAMILY OF FOUR.
THAT IS NOT PEOPLE WHO ARE
LIVING HIGH ON THE HOG.
AND THE FOOD STAMP BENEFIT
ITSELF COMES DOWN TO
APPROXIMATELY $1 A MEAL.
IT'S NOT A LOT OF MONEY.
SO I WOULD-- MY EXPERIENCE
MEETING THE PEOPLE WHO ARE FOR
THE FIRST TIME AVAILING
THEMSELVES OF FOOD STAMPS IS
THAT THEY'RE DOING IT BECAUSE OF
STRAIGHT-UP NEED.
WE DIDN'T FIND THAT PEOPLE WERE
HAPPY TO COLLECT FOOD STAMPS.
THEY WERE DEVASTATED,
DEVASTATED, AND HUMILLATED.
>> Woodruff: LET ME ASK YOU
ABOUT THIS, THIS QUESTION OF
CHANGING THE ELIGIBILITY.
WHAT'S THE EXAMPLE OF A
REQUIREMENT THAT COULD CHANGE
THAT YOU BELIEVE WOULD BE FAIR?
>> I'LL GIVE YOU AN EXAMPLE.
USED TO BE PEOPLE WHO WERE
NONCITIZENS WERE NOT ELIGIBLE
FOR FOOD STAMPS.
THAT'S CHANGEED IN THE 2002 FARM
BILL UNDER PRESIDENT BUSH.
HE MADE IS SO NONCITIZENS, AS
SOON AS THEY COME INTO THE
UNITED STATES, THEY CAN GET FOOD
STAMPS NOW.
SO THAT'S TIECH EXPANSION AND
ELIGIBILITY THAT HAS GONE ON.
>> Woodruff: SO LEGAL
IMMIGRANTS.
>> YEAH, LEGAL IMMIGRANTS DIDN'T
USED TO BE ELIGIBLE AND NOW THEY
ARE.
>> Woodruff: YOU'RE SAYING
THEY SHOULD BE OFF THE FOOD
STAMPS?
>> I'M SAYING WE NEED TO REDUCE
THE COSTS IN A LOT OF DIFFERENT
WAYS, AS WELL AS REDUCING THE
COSTS OF FARM SUBSIDIES,
WELFARE-FOR-HIRE INCOME PEOPLE.
>> CHRIS, I THINK YOU KIND OF
DODGED THAT A BIT, BECAUSE SHE
SAID, "DOES THAT MEAN YOU THINK
PEOPLE SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE
PROGRAM?"
YES, WE SHOULD REDUCE COSTS
ACROSS THE BOARD.
WE HAVE AG SUBSIDIES NOT EVEN ON
THE TABLE THAT PEOPLE ARE
COLLECTING MILLIONS OF FARMERS,
INDUSTRIAL FARMS THAT HAVE HAD
RECORD YEARS OF FARMING ARE
STILL COLLECTING FOOD SUBSIDIES,
WILLING TO ADD TENS OF BILLIONS
OF DOLLARS TO OUR DEFICIT.
THIS IS NOT EVEN IN DISCUSSION.
AND YET, WE'RE ALWAYS SOMEHOW AT
A POINT OF-- A MOMENT WHEN OUR
NATION FEELS BUDGET ANXIETY WE
ALWAYS GO RIGHT BACK TO ILLEGAL
IMMIGRANTS AND POOR PEOPLE WHO
ARE FRAUDULENT, WHEN ALL OF
THESE THINGS ARE MYTHS.
AND FRANKLY, IF AN UNDOCUMENTED
PERSON IS FEEDING THEIR CHILDREN
WITH FOOD STAMPS SO THEY HAVE A
SHOT AT SUCCEEDING IN SCHOOL,
I'M OKAY WITH THAT.
>> I MEAN, LORI, COME ON.
WHEN PRESIDENT BUSH CAME TO
OFFICE, THERE WERE ONLY ABOUT 18
MILLION PEOPLE ON FOOD SPHASMS
TODAY, AS YOUR PROGRAM
MENTIONED, 47 UNTIL.
SO THIS I-- 47 MILLION.
IT IS THIS IS NOT JUST MORE
LOW-INCOME PEOPLE GETTING
BENEFITS.
>> Woodruff: WHAT ABOUT HIR
OTHER POINT, THERE IS VERY
LITTLE FRAUD.
>> I DON'T THINK THAT IS
REQUEST.
THE OFFICIAL NUMBERS FROM THE
U.S.D.A. SAY THAT.
I DON'T THINK IT'S CORRECT.
FOR EXAMPLE, THERE ARE TWO HAD
BEEN,000 RETAILERS IN THE UNITED
STATES WHO TAKE THESE ELECTRONIC
CARDS TO REDEEM FOOD STAMPS.
THERE'S A LOT OF FRAUD AT THESE
RETAILERS.
>> Woodruff: VERY QUICK
RESPONSE.
>> HONESTLY, WE'RE NOT SEEING
THAT.
THE DATA IS NOT SUPPORTING THAT.
IF ANYTHING THE ERROR RATES ARE
HIGH BECAUSE FIRE PEOPLE ARE
PARTICIPATING WHO ARE ELIGIBLE
AND THEY'RE NOT PARTICIPATING
BECAUSE OF THE STIGMA OF CALL IT
A FRAUDULENT HANDOUT.
IF WE FEED PEOPLE THEY CAN STAY
PRODUCT AND I HAVE IN THE
WORKFORCE.
THEY CAN PUT THEIR ENERGY INTO
THEIR JOBS AND STUDYING AND
RAISING THEIR KIDS.
THOSE KIDS CAN STAY IN SCHOOLS
IF THEY'RE EATING AND I THINK
IT'S AN IMPORTANT INVESTMENT IN
OUR FUTURE.
>> Woodruff: WE THANK THE BOTH
OF YOU, LORI SILVERBUSH CHRIS
EDWARDS.
>> THANK YOU, JUDY.
>> Brown: NOW TO THE CONTINUING
RNMENT'S
ROLE IN THE ECONOMY AND THE
DECISIONS TAKEN IN THE AFTERMATH
OF THE FINANCIAL CRISIS.
EARLIER THIS WEEK WE AIRED A
CONVERSATION WITH DAVID
STOCKMAN, A BUSINESSMAN AND
FORMER WHITE HOUSE BUDGET
DIRECTOR WHOSE BOOK FOCUSED ON
THE DANGERS OF TOO MUCH
INTERVENTION.
TONIGHT, ECONOMICS CORRESPONDENT
PAUL SOLMAN GETS A DIFFERENT
PERSPECTIVE PART OF HIS ONGOING
REPORTING, "MAKING SENSE OF
FINANCIAL NEWS."
>> Reporter: WE RECENTLY
INTERVIEWED FORMER REAGAN BUDGET
CHIEF AND PRIVATE EQUITY
DEALMAKER DAVID STOCKMAN.
ABOUT HIS PROVOCATIVE BEST-
SELLER, "THE GREAT DEFORMATION,"
IN WHICH HE ARGUES THAT AMERICAS
ECONOMIC SYSTEM IS BUSTED.
CORRUPTED BY DEBT, CRONY-
CAPITALISM, AND GOVERNMENT
MEDDLING.
CASE IN POINT: THE BAILOUTS
DURING THE CRASH OF 2008.
MOCKERY OUT OF FREE MARKETS AND
FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE AND WELL
NEVER COME BACK.
>> Reporter: BUT OF COURSE
STOCKMAN'S VERDICT HAS ITS SHARE
OF CRITICS, INCLUDING THE
PRDIGIOOUSLY WELL-READ NOBEL
PRIZE-WINNING ECONOMIST PAUL
KRUGMAN.
A "TIMES" OPINION PIECE BY
STOCKMAN DREW SEVERAL
WRITTEN RETORTS FROM "TIMES"
COLUMNIST KRUGMAN.
IN ONE HE CALLED STOCKMAN A
CRANKY OLD MAN.
WE ASKED KRUGMAN TO RESPOND TO
STOCKMAN AT SOME LENGTH, FIRST
TO THE IDEA THAT WE SHOULD HAVE
LET FOUNDERING FINANCIAL FIRMS
SIMPLY FAIL IN 2008.
BUT THAT RISKED DOOMSDAY,
KRUGMAN SAID.
>> DESTROYING THE WORLD IS NOT
SOMETHING YOU WANT TO DO BY
MISTAKE.
UNFORTUNATELY WHAT WE'VE LEARNED
FROM 150 PLUS YEARS OF HISTORY
IS THAT FINANCIAL CRISIS LEFT
UNMANAGED, UNFOUGHT, CAN PRODUCE
MASS SUFFERING.
I MEAN IT'S BEEN PRETTY BAD, BUT
IT COULD HAVE BEEN MUCH, MUCH
WORSE THAN IT WAS.
>> Reporter: IS THERE, IN DAVID
STOCKMAN'S PHRASE, NO ECONOMIC
BASIS FOR CONTAGION, THAT IS THE
DOMINOES WHERE ONE INSTITUTION
GOES AND ALL THE REST GO?
>> UM, YOU SEE CONTAGION
EVERYWHERE.
I MEAN THE GREAT BANKING CRISIS
OF 1930, 31 BEGAN WITH THE
FAILURE OF A QUITE SMALL BANK IN
NEW YORK.
THAT THESE DOMINO EFFECTS ARE
VERY, VERY REAL.
THEY PARTLY RUN THROUGH THE FACT
THAT PEOPLE SEE A BANK RUN DOWN
THE STREET THEN THEY SO THEY RUN
THE BANK AT THIS END OF THE
STREET.
THEY PARTLY TAKE PLACE BECAUSE
IN A BANKING PANIC EVERYBODY'S
TRYING TO SELL THE SAME ASSETS
AND ALL THOSE ASSETS COLLAPSE IN
PRICE AND SO THAT COMPANIES THAT
WERE NOT IN FINANCIAL TROUBLE,
ALL OF A SUDDEN ARE IN FINANCIAL
TROUBLE.
>> Reporter: STOCKMAN'S ARGUMENT
FOR EXAMPLE WITH RESPECT TO THE
AUTO INDUSTRY IS YES WE SAVED
40,000 JOBS BUT THOSE ARE 40,000
JOBS THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN ADDED
IN THE SOUTH BY AUTO MAKERS WHO
WERE ALREADY THERE, FOREIGN AUTO
MAKERS MANY OF THEM, NISSAN,
HYUNDAI.
>> IT'S NOT CLEAR THAT ALLOWING
G.M. TO GO UNDER WOULD ACTUALLY
HAVE OPENED UP SPACE FOR ITS
COMPETITORS.
IT'S ALL VERY EASY NOW, NOW THAT
IT TURNED OUT THAT WE DID NOT
HAVE A COLLAPSE IN THE AUTO
INDUSTRY TO SAY, OH WELL
EVERYTHING WOULD HAVE BEEN FINE
IF WE DID NOTHING, BUT THAT'S
CERTAINLY NOT THE WAY IT LOOKED
AT THE TIME AND I THINK IT
WASN'T IN FACT TRUE.
WE DID NEED TO ACT AND IT'S A
GOOD THING WE DID.
>> Reporter: BUT SURELY YOU'RE
SYMPATHETIC TO STOCKMAN'S CHARGE
THAT CRONY CAPITALISM IS A MAJOR
PROBLEM IN THIS COUNTRY?
>> NO QUESTION THAT THERE ARE A
LOT OF COMPANIES, A LOT OF
PEOPLE WHO MAKE THEIR WAY NOT BY
HAVING THE BEST PRODUCT OR THE
BEST IDEA, BUT BY HAVING THE
RIGHT CONNECTIONS, THE QUESTION
IS WHETHER THE SOLUTION TO CRONY
CAPITALISM IS TO SAY LET'S HAVE
A DEPRESSION THAT DESTROYS
EVERYTHING.
SO THAT WE DON'T BAIL OUT THOSE
FAT CAT BANKERS ON WALL STREET
AND I THINK THAT'S NOT THE
ANSWER.
THE ANSWER IS TO REGULATE THE
BANKERS BUT AT THE SAME TIME
SAVE THE WORKERS.
>> Reporter: STOCKMAN, LIKE MANY
OTHERS, BLAMES THE FEDERAL
RESERVE FOR INFLATING THE
HOUSING BUBBLE THAT CAUSED THE
CRISIS IN THE FIRST PLACE BY
KEEPING INTEREST RATES TOO LOW
TOO LHE SAYS LOW INTEREST RATESE
AGAIN FUELG A INSPECULATIVE
FRENZY ON WALL STREET, ENABLING
TRADERS TO BET WITH CHEAP
BORROWED MONEY.
KRUGMAN DOESN'T BUY IT.
>> WE HAD VERY LOW INTEREST
RATES IN THE 1950s.
DID WE HAVE WILD SPECULATIVE
BUBBLES, DID WE HAVE CRAZY
STUFF, WAS ALL THIS HAPPENING?
DID WE HAVE WILDLY OVERPAID
BANKERS?
THE ANSWER IS, NO WE DIDN'T.
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN NOW AND
THEN IS NOT THAT THE FED HAS CUT
INTEREST RATES WHEN THE ECONOMY
IS DEPRESSED.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO THAT, THAT'S
THE FEDS JOB.
THE PROBLEM IS THAT WE TOOK AWAY
THE SAFEGUARDS THAT PREVENTED
FINANCIAL ABUSE AND THE TRUTH IS
THAT FINANCIAL ABUSE HAS BEEN
PRETTY WIDE SPREAD EVEN WHEN
INTEREST RATES ARE NOT NEAR.
>> Reporter: ONE OF STOCKMAN'S
MAIN POINTS IS THAT WE HAVE
BECOME ADDICTED TO DEBT AND HE
SAYS, ACKNOWLEDGES, THAT HE
HIMSELF KNOWS BECAUSE AS A
LEVERAGED BUYOUT GUY, HE TOO WAS
ADDICTED.
>> PRIVATE, YEAH, BUT I DON'T
THINK IT'S AN ADDICTION.
FINANCIAL SECTOR HAS A LOT OF
DEBT, BUT I THINK YOU NEED TO BA
LOT OF THAT IS JUST COMPLEXITY,
YOU HAVE MULTIPLE LAYERS AND SO
THE MONEY GETS LENT SEVERAL
TIMES.
WE ACTUALLY DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH GOVERNMENT DEBT, NOT YET
BUT YOU KNOW PEOPLE ARE WORRIED
ABOUT THE RISE.
AND OF COURSE YOU CAN THROW
AROUND BIG NUMBERS, YOU KNOW SO
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS THAT
THE U.S. IS A $16 TRILLION A
YEAR ECONOMY AND THE NUMBERS ARE
NOT AS OVERWHELMING AS THEY
SOUND IF YOU JUST GIVE THE RAW
NUMBERS.
>> Reporter: BUT THERE'S GOT TO
BE A POINT AT WHICH WE SIMPLY
ARE TAKING ON TOO MUCH DEBT NO?
>> IT'S A LONG WAYS OFF TO SAY
THAT DEBT IS A PROBLEM IS NOT TO
SAY THAT RENOUNCING ALL DEBT IS
THE WAY YOU SOLVE IT AND
GOVERNMENT DEBT-- YEAH, I MEAN,
I THINK THAT'S-- I'LL TURN
DEFICIT AND DEBT HAWK ONCE WE'RE
OUT OF THIS DEPRESSION, BUT NOT
NOW.
>> Reporter: I ASKED DAVID
STOCKMAN SO WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
ANHE SD AYS NOT ARMAGEDDON
QUITE, BUT MORE THAN EVEN
CRUISING FOR A BRUISING RIGHT?
I MEAN THAT THE STOCK MARKET
CANNOT SUSTAIN ITSELF; THE
INTEREST RATES CANNOT STAY THIS
LOW?
>> THE ARGUMENT IS SUPPOSED TO
BE THAT THE FED IS PRINTING ALL
THIS MONEY TO KEEP INTEREST
RATES LOW, BUT THEN ISN'T THE
PRICE OF PRIING NTTOO MUCH MONEY
SUPPOSED TO BE INFLATION AND THE
FED IS ACTUALLY WORRIED RIGHT
NOW THAT INFLATION IS RUNNING
TOO LOW, SO WHERE'S THE
INFLATION, WHERE IS THE LIMIT,
YOU KNOW WHAT'S UNSUSTAINABLE
HERE?
>> Reporter: SO WHAT DO YOU
THINK HAPPENS NEXT?
>> I THINK THAT EVENTUALLY THE
ECONOMY SPONTANEOUSLY RECOVERS
UNLESS WE SCREW IT UP WITH MORE
AND MORE GOVERNMENT AUSTERITY
D UNANLESS WE HAVE A REALLY
MAJOR CRISIS, IT'S A DANGEROUS
WORLD ALWAYS, BUT MY SORT OF
CENTRAL FORECAST IS OF A SLOW,
GRUDGING, MUCH TOO LATE RECOVERY
BUT EVENTUALLY A RECOVERY.
>> Reporter: NOW KRUGMAN DOES
AGREE WITH STOCKMAN ABOUT CRONY
CAPITALISM.
BUT NOT MUCH ELSE.
SO AT THE END OF THE INTERVIEW I
ASKED KRUGMAN WHY HE THINKS
STOCKMAN'S OVERALL INDICTMENT
HAS MADE SUCH A SPLASH.
>> EVERYBODY WANTS ECONOMICS TO
BE A MORALITY PLAY EVERYBODY
WANTS IT TO BE A TALE OF SIN AND
EXCESS AND THEN THE PUNISHMENT
FOR SIN AND THIS NOTION TTHA
THAT WE HAD A BUBBLE, WE HAD
RUNAWAY STUFF, WE HAD BANKERS
RUN WILD, THEREFORE THE ECONOMY
MUST SUFFER A SUSTAINED SLUMP
AND ANYTHING YOU DO TO MITIGATE
THAT IS SOMEHOW ENABLING THE SIN
AND WE WILL PAY FOR IT.
THAT'S...
>> Reporter: EVEN THOUGH THERE
WERE SINS?
>> EVEN THOUGH THERE WERE SINS,
BUT ECONOMICS IS NOT A MORALITY
PLAY.
THERE IS NOTHING ABOUT THE FACT
THAT BANKERS MADE BAD LOANS IN
2005 THAT SAYS THAT ORDINARY
WORKERS SHOULD BE OUT OF WORK IN
THE YEAR 2013, PEOPLE LOVE TO
WRITE ABOUT THE OR TALK ABOUT
THE LURID DETAILS OF EVERYTHING
THAT WENT CRAZY IN THE BUBBLE
YEARS AND THEY DON'T REALLY MUCH
LIKE TO TALK ABOUT THE KIND OF
PROSAIC OKAY, BUT HOW DO WE GET
PEOPLE BACK TO WORK RIGHT NOW?
SO I THINK THAT YOU KNOW THE
SERMON ASPECT, YOU KNOW PEOPLE
LOVE TO TREAT ECONOMICS AS A
SERMON WHEN IT'S ACTUALLY...
IT'S ACTUALLY JUST A JOB.
YOU KNOW HERE'S THIS ECONOMY,
HOW DO WE FIX IT?
>> Reporter: PAUL KRUGMAN, THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
>> WELL THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME
ON.
>> Brown: AND THE DEBATE
CONTINUES ONLINE.
YOU CAN FIND MUCH MORE FROM BOTH
PAUL KRUGMAN AND DAVID STOCKMAN
ON PAUL'S "MAKING SENSE" PAGE.
>> Woodruff: WE'LL BE BACK
SHORTLY WITH "THE GUNS AT
LAST LIGHT" IN THE SECOND WORLD
WAR.
BUT FIRST, THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK
ON P.B.S.
THIS BREAK ALLOWS YOUR PUBLIC
TELEVISION STATION TO ASK FOR
YOUR SUPPORT.
AND THAT SUPPORT HELPS KEEP
>> Brown: FINALLY TONIGHT, WE
MARK JUNE 6: D-DAY.
RAY IS BACK WITH BOOK
CONVERSATION HE RECORDED
RECENTLY ABOUT WORLD WAR TWO.
>> MORE THAN HAD A HAND IN
CEMENTING U.S. STATUS AS A
SUPERPOWER, AND CREATED THE MAP
OF THE MODERN WORLD ENDED ALMOST
70 YEARS AGO.
YOU COUL COULD FILL A LIBRARY WH
BOOKS ABOUT THE SECOND WORLD
WAR, YET HISTORIANS STILL FIND
NEW THINGS TO SAY AND NEW WAYS
TO SAY IT.
AWARD WINNING AUTHOR JUST
COMPLETED THE THIRD BOOK IN HIS
"LIBERATION" TRILOGY, "THE GUNS
AT LAST LIGHT: THE WAR IN
WESTERN EUROPE, 1944-1945".
AND HE JOINS ME NOW, AND, RICK,
IF NOTHING ELSE, THIS BOOK IS A
REMINDER THAT WITH D-DAY, THERE
WAS STILL SOME OF THE WORST
FIGHTING OF THE WAR LEFT TO GO.
>> THAT'S CERTAINLY TRUE, RAY.
I THINK THE HORROR OF IT IS
DIFFICULT TO IMAGINE SEVEN YEARS
LATER.
AND IT CONTINUES REALLY AFTER
D-DAY, ALMOST TO THE LAST
GUNSHOT.
THERE WERE ALMOST 11,000
AMERICANS KILLED IN GERMANY IN
APRIL 1945, THE LAST FULL MONTH
OF THE WAR IN EUROPE.
AND THAT'S NEARLY AS MANY AS
DIED IN JUNE, 1944, THE MONTH OF
INVASION.
SO THE BLOODLETTING CONTINUED
RIGHT TO THE END.
THE NOTION THAT MANY AMERICANS
HAVE THAT IT WAS BAD ON THE
BEACHES AND THEN BAD
HAPPENED DURING THE BATTLE OF
THE BULGE IN DECEMBER 1944, AND
THEN IT WAS KIND OF SWEEPING
INTO GERMANY AND THE WAR WAS
ESSENTIALLY OVER IS ACTUALLY
QUITE INCORRECT.
IT WAS BAD TO THE VERY END,
ALMOST TO MAY 8, 1945, WHEN WAR
IN EUROPE ENDED.
>> Suarez: TERRIBLE,
FEROCIOUS, DEADLY FIGHTING
THROUGH NORTHERN FRANCE, THROUGH
HOLLAND AND BELGIUM, AND FINALLY
INTO THE GERMAN HOMELAND, AND
YOU BRING US TO ONE BRITISH
OFFICER WHO SAYS, "WHY DON'T THE
SILLY BASTARDS GIVE UP?"
WHAT WAS THE GERMAN CALCULATION
IN THOSE LAST MONTHS WHEN IT WAS
CLEAR STHAIKD NO LONGER
MILITARILY PREVAIL?
>> THERE WERE SEVERAL THINGS AT
PLAY.
PART OF IT IS TERROR.
HITLER HAD A POLICE STATE OF THE
FIRST ORDER.
AND THOSE WHO SHOWED ANY SIGN OF
BEING WEAK-KNEED FACED PRISON OR
OFTEN SUMMARY EXECUTION.
IN OTHER CASES, YOU HAVE TO SAY
THAT 80 MILLION GERMAN GERMANS S
BELIEVED IN THE FUROR ALMOST
UNTIL THE BITTER END.
YOU WOULD SEE PARADES, FOR
EXAMPLE, ON HITLER'S BIRTHDAY,
APRIL 20, 1945, IN BERLIN, 10
DAYS BEFORE HE KILLED HIMSELF,
OF YOUNG GIRLS, YOUNG BOYS TOO
YOUNG TO GO INTO THE MILITARY,
CARRYING FLAGS AND SINGING
PATRIOTIC SONGS, PEOPLE CHEERING
ALONG THE STREETS OF A BADLY
BATTERED BERLIN AT THAT POINT.
THE GERMAN PSYCHE WAS SUCH THAT
THEY'D BEEN HEAVILY INFLUENCE
BIDE PROPAGANDA, AND THEY WERE
JUST GENERALLY DISINCLINED TO
GIVE UP.
>> Suarez: RICK, YOU ALSO
REMIND US THAT THE WAR GOT
DEADLIER AS IT WENT ON BECAUSE
BOTH SIDES WERE INNOVATING,
INVENTING NEW WAYS OF KILLING
THE OTHER SIDE, PRACTICALLY IN
THE LAST DAY OF THE WAR.
>> THAT'S TRUE, RAY.
THE LETHALITY INCREASES AS THE
WAR GOES ALONG, AND IT-- IT'S
EXTRAORDINARY HOW BRUTAL IT IS.
WE AMERICANS, FOR EXAMPLE,
INVENTED SOMETHING CALLED THE
POSIT FUSE-- THAT WAS THE CODE
NAME.
THERE WAS A RADAR SENSOR IN THE
NOSE OF AN ARTILLERY SHELL, AND
IT COULD BY EMANATING RADAR
SIGNALS DETERMINE WHEN A PASSING
PLANE OR APPROACHING TARGET WAS
JUST WITHIN THE KILL RADIUS OF
THE BURST, AND DETONATE SHELL.
IT WAS USED FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN THE BATTLE OF THE BULGE IN
DECEMBER 1944.
THE GERMANS CALLED IT PURE
MANSLAUGHTER.
IT WAS PART AND PARCEL OF A
GENERATION OF WEAPONS THAT CAME
ALONG-- NAPALM USED FOR THE
FIRST TIME AROUND THIS TIME.
GERMANS HAD INVENTED THE V-1 AND
V-2 FLYING BOMBS AND THEN A
BALLISTIC MISSILE, THE V-2, WITH
TERRIFYING RESULTS, MOST OF THEM
LAUNCHED AGAINST LONDON OR
ANTWERP WDEVASTATING RESULTS
TO-- WITH DEVASTATING RESULTS TO
CIVILIANS.
>> Suarez: WE HAVE IN THE
FINAL WEEKS AND MONTHS OF THE
WAR SOME MOMENT WHERE'S IT'S
HARD TO TELL WHERE MORAL
AUTHORITY EXISTED, IF SUCH A
THING CL LONGER EXISTED.
HOW COULD YOU TELL CONCENTRATION
CAMP INMATES NOT TO RISE UP AND
KILL THEIR CAPTORS WHO WERE
TRYING TO SURRENDER AND ACT LIKE
NORMAL SOLDIERS.
HOW COULD YOU POUT TRIAL
AMERICANS WHO, SICKENED BY THE
LEGISLATURE, WOULD JUST TURN AND
AROUND POP THESE GUYS WITH THEIR
SIDEARMS, AS THEY TRIED TO
SURRENDER?
IT GOT NASTY, BRUTAL, AND
FRIGHTENING IN THOSE FINAL
WEEKS.
>> THIS IS TRUE.
AND IT'S NOT JUST THE FINAL
WEEKS, ACTUALLY.
THERE'S KILLING OF PRISONERS
THAT BEGINS EARLY IN THE
LIBERATION OF EUROPE BY
AMERICAN, BRITISH, CANADIAN
SOLDIERS.
AND, OF COURSE, BY THE GERMANS.
IT INTENSIFIES DURING THAT LAST
11 MONTHS FROM NORMANDY ON.
BUT WHEN YOU GET TO THE CAMP
LIBERATION PHASE, PARTICULARLY
IN APRIL 1945, FOR EXAMPLE, AT
DACHAU, AMERICAN SOLDIERS COMING
INTO THIS CAMP, TENS OF
THOUSANDS OF EMACIATED, HORRIBLY
TREATED PRISONERS, AND THOUSANDS
OF BODIES LYING AROUND, AND
THERE WERE SOLDIERS THAT WENT ON
A RAMPAGE.
THERE WERE AT LEAST A COUPLE
DOZEN SS GUARDS WHO ARE
SURRENDERED AND BEEN TAKEN INTO
CUSTODY WHO WERE MURDERED.
PROBABLY MORE THAN THAT.
THIS IS AT THE SAME TIME WHERE
THERE ARE LIBERATED INMATES
RAMPAGING, TEARING LITERALLY
SOME CAMP GUARDS LIMB FROM LIMB.
THERE WAS AN INVESTIGATION.
THE INVESTIGATORS FOUND, YTHERE
HAD BEEN PRISONERS MURDERED BY
AMERICAN SOLDIERS.
NOTHING WAS EVER DONE OF IT.
NO ONE REALLY HAD THE STOMACH TO
PROSECUTE AMERICAN SOLDIERS
UNDER THESE CIRCUMSTANCES.
THIS IS JUST ONE EXAMPLE OF
MANY, THOUGH, OF THE BARBARITY
THAT WAR UNLEASHESES IN
OTHERWISE GOOD SOLDIERS.
>> Suarez: I WANT TO CONTINUE
THIS CONVERSATION WITH YOU
ONLINE.
THE BOOK IS "THE GUNS AT LAST
LIGHT."
RICK ATKINSON, THANKS A LOT.
>> THANK YOU, RAY.
>> Woodruff: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY:
WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS DEFENDED
EFFORTS TO COLLECT A MASSIVE LOG
OF PHONE RECORDS FROM MILLIONS
OF AMERICANS, IN A BID TO HEAD
OFF TERROR PLOTS.
A TOP OFFICIAL AT THE I.R.S.
APOLOGIZED FOR A 2010 CONFERENCE
AND THE FIRST TROPICAL STORM OF
>> Brown: PRESIDENT OBAMA MEETS
WITH CHINA'S PRESIDENT XI
JINPING TOMORROW.
WHAT ISSUES WILL DOMINATE THEIR
DISCUSSIONS?
KWAME HOLMAN TELL US MORE.
>> Holman: EXAMINE U.S.-CHINA
AND FOLLOWING THE ANNOUNCEMENT
OF A PROPOSAL TO BRING HIGH
SPEED BROADBAND TO NEARLY EVERY
AMERICAN SCHOOL, TAKE A SECOND
LOOK AT OUR STORY ABOUT HOW A
NORTH CAROLINA SCHOOL DISTRICT
IS AHEAD OF THE CURVE ON USING
TECHNOLOGY IN THE CLASSROOM.
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR
WEBSITE newshour.pbs.org.
JEFF?
>> Brown: AND THAT'S THE
"NEWSHOUR" FOR TONIGHT.
I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
HERE TOMORROW EVENING WITH MARK
SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS, AMONG
OTHERS.
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.